---
description: Have you tried turning it off and on?
icon: bolt
---

# v0.0.7.0 Beta Versions

This version was titled as the massive reduction of the binary size because the manual pages were moved to GitHub Wiki. This series was titled as the major disappointment for those who use calculators and unit converters often.

***

## <mark style="color:$primary;">Versions</mark>

Here are the versions that were released:

<details>

<summary>Version 0.0.6.9</summary>

This version was marked as the start of the track in which it commenced on July 27, 2019, by eliminating the calculators and unit converters.

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Additions</mark>

* <mark style="color:green;">Operating system placeholder</mark>
* <mark style="color:green;">MOTD and MAL now support more than just one line</mark>
* <mark style="color:green;">SSE checker now adds support to Unix systems</mark>

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Improvements</mark>

* <mark style="color:yellow;">FTP client exits peacefully</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">You can enter the FTP server without specifying the prefix</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Several fixes and general improvements</mark>

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Removals</mark>

* <mark style="color:red;">Calculators</mark>
* <mark style="color:red;">Unit converters</mark>

</details>

<details>

<summary>Version 0.0.6.10</summary>

This version was released on August 8, 2019.

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Additions</mark>

* <mark style="color:green;">You can reload mods manually using the reloadmods command</mark>

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Improvements</mark>

* <mark style="color:yellow;">Namespace got simplified to KS for easier reference</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Kernel reboots are now unlimited</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">More improvements</mark>

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Removals</mark>

* <mark style="color:red;">Removed the promptArgs command line argument</mark>

</details>

<details>

<summary>Version 0.0.6.11</summary>

This version was released on August 10, 2019.

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Additions</mark>

* <mark style="color:green;">Each update, you'll see changelogs right from KS</mark>

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Improvements</mark>

* <mark style="color:yellow;">Debug will never show password in clear text again</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed crash after updating configuration on startup</mark>

</details>

<details>

<summary>Version 0.0.6.12</summary>

This version was released solely to correct all the codeblocks in modding and screensaver guides found under the kernel documentation for the Czech, Croatian, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Italian, Malay, Portuguese, Spanish, Swedish, and Turkish languages. It was out on August 11, 2019.

</details>

<details>

<summary>Version 0.0.6.13</summary>

This version brought several improvements. It was also the first version to be shipped to Chocolatey Package Manager for Windows in a later build of this version, which was built on August 16, 2019 as the "N" edition. Initially, it was released on August 13, 2019.

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Improvements</mark>

* <mark style="color:yellow;">MOTD and MAL now use files to take new lines into account</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed crashes on kernel error</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed chmal and chmotd only taking a single word written</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Improved the time and date probers</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Chocolatey Build (N)</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed crash upon upgrading the old configuration to the new format (N)</mark>

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Removals</mark>

* <mark style="color:red;">New line placeholder</mark>

</details>

<details>

<summary>Version 0.0.6.14</summary>

It was almost the end of the road, and this version got in the way with the release date of August 25, 2019 to deprecate the user manual as part of the migration plan to GitHub Wiki.

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Improvements</mark>

* <mark style="color:yellow;">MOTD and MAL now show up in sysinfo</mark>

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Removals</mark>

* <mark style="color:red;">Deprecated the usermanual command in favor of GitHub Wiki</mark>

</details>

***

## <mark style="color:$primary;">Known bugs</mark>

Initial documentation for these versions have mentioned the following known bugs in the "`troubleshooting`" document: _(original wording preserved for brevity - only covers pre-2021 releases)_

<table><thead><tr><th width="187">Found</th><th width="95">Fixed</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>v0.0.6.9 or higher</td><td>0.0.7.0</td><td><ol><li>The viewer is not displayed correctly</li><li>Some words might print on the last line where it shows you information on the manual page viewer</li></ol></td></tr></tbody></table>
