---
description: Run and don't look back!
icon: person-running-fast
---

# v0.0.14.x series

This series was the first series that got released on 2021. It added running executable files, as well as many additions and improvements.

***

## <mark style="color:$primary;">Versions</mark>

Here are the versions that were released:

<details>

<summary>Version 0.0.14.0</summary>

This version brought fixes and additions that amazed you. It was released on January 21, 2021.

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Additions</mark>

* <mark style="color:green;">Added running executable files</mark>
* <mark style="color:green;">Added mail message preview when listing mails</mark>
* <mark style="color:green;">Added color change to Settings</mark>
* <mark style="color:green;">Added the BouncingBlock screensaver</mark>
* <mark style="color:green;">Added custom shell input prompt</mark>
* <mark style="color:green;">You can now see the target symbolic links in remote SFTP directory listing</mark>

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Improvements</mark>

* <mark style="color:yellow;">Updated dependencies</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed crash on console text writer in some cases</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Used Inxi.NET to parse hardware</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed inconsistencies in the network section on Settings</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed local SFTP directory not being changed</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Some more improvements and bug fixes</mark>

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Removals</mark>

* <mark style="color:red;">Removed listdrives and listparts</mark>
* <mark style="color:red;">Removed slot probe option from the kernel configuration</mark>
* <mark style="color:red;">Removed setcolors</mark>

</details>

<details>

<summary>Version 0.0.14.1</summary>

This version was out on January 29, 2021 to make DoCalc obsolete because it used DataTable.Compute to calculate expressions.

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Improvements</mark>

* <mark style="color:yellow;">Customizability was added in BouncingBlock</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed wrong shell message when attempting to execute a non-existent command</mark>

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Removals</mark>

* <mark style="color:red;">Obsoleted DoCalc</mark>

</details>

<details>

<summary>Version 0.0.14.2</summary>

This version was out on February 1, 2021 as a quick update to add mitigation to the Windows 10 NTFS corruption regarding the volume bitmap and the NTFS BSOD exploit regarding the console driver found in the Windows kernel.

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Improvements</mark>

* <mark style="color:yellow;">Mitigated the Windows 10 NTFS corruption and BSOD problems. The filesystem driver now throws exceptions when trying to access the paths used to trigger the corruption or force restart.</mark>

</details>

<details>

<summary>Version 0.0.14.3</summary>

This version was released on August 29, 2021.

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Improvements</mark>

* <mark style="color:yellow;">Backported fixes from 0.0.19.0</mark>

</details>
