---
description: The book is still on draft!
icon: copy
---

# v0.0.6.0 Beta Versions

These versions were early access versions of the 0.0.6.x series which formed the core addition of the new features and improvement of the core kernel, including features of several areas. As a consequence, the series declares the end of Windows XP support as more and more vulnerabilities were discovered against the legacy operating system and we didn't want to support vulnerable systems.

***

## <mark style="color:$primary;">Versions</mark>

Here are the versions that were released:

<details>

<summary>Version 0.0.5.9</summary>

This version is the first draft of the series book that got written in calligraphy on December 24, 2018 by this version that brought several additions.

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Additions</mark>

* <mark style="color:green;">Currency converter</mark>
* <mark style="color:green;">Added the languages</mark>
* <mark style="color:green;">Added kernel manual pages, which was the first sign of documentation improvement which then became the very documentation that you're reading right now.</mark>
* <mark style="color:green;">Added file rename FTP command</mark>
* <mark style="color:green;">Added kernel events and exceptions</mark>
* <mark style="color:green;">Added mod naming and versioning</mark>
* <mark style="color:green;">Progress bars to file upload and download progress</mark>

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Improvements</mark>

* <mark style="color:yellow;">Mods now stop when the kernel shuts down</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed application crash when shell crashes</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Extended debugging to more areas</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Allow debugging logs to be viewed without kernel debugging feature on within the kernel itself</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Made substantial changes to the FTP client</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Increased the limit of how many commands can be run in one session</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Updated all dependencies</mark>

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Removals</mark>

* <mark style="color:red;">Windows XP support</mark>
* <mark style="color:red;">Removed binary, passive, ssl, and text FTP commands</mark>

</details>

<details>

<summary>Version 0.0.5.10</summary>

2019 started with the release of this version that debuted in February 16. It has made several improvements to several kernel areas, as well as the manual page viewer.

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Improvements</mark>

* <mark style="color:yellow;">Readability of the manual pages got improved</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Improved several debugging messages, especially the hardware probing part</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Updated dependencies</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed several bugs and made general improvements</mark>

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Removals</mark>

* <mark style="color:red;">nohwprobe argument has been removed</mark>

</details>

<details>

<summary>Version 0.0.5.11</summary>

This version was out on February 18, 2019.

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Improvements</mark>

* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed the CHS section of hard drive not appearing if manufacturer was provided</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed crash when trying to load the next screensaver after the previous one crashed</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed several pieces of the kernel not getting translated</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Made several fixes and improvements</mark>

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Removals</mark>

* <mark style="color:red;">Removed echo, panicsim, and choice commands</mark>
* <mark style="color:red;">Removed HDD and RAM status probing</mark>

</details>

<details>

<summary>Version 0.0.5.12</summary>

This version was released to fix more bugs that occurred in the last beta version and make several improvements. It was out on February 22, 2019, as a 1-year anniversary release.

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Improvements</mark>

* <mark style="color:yellow;">createConf argument now checks for configuration file before taking any action</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed Windows 10 systems reporting themselves as Windows 8.1</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed crash while debugging</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed the simple help function not showing mod commands</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed kernel commands not being able to be run after runningmod commands</mark>
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Fixed several bugs</mark>

</details>

<details>

<summary>Version 0.0.5.13</summary>

This version was out on April 14, 2019, to make improvements to the codebase, as well as a major breakthrough in hardware probing.

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Additions</mark>

* <mark style="color:green;">Linux hardware probing</mark>

</details>

<details>

<summary>Version 0.0.5.14</summary>

This version was released as a last beta version for this version series. This version was released on June 13, 2019.

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Additions</mark>

* <mark style="color:green;">Finalized the filesystem</mark>

#### <mark style="color:$primary;">Improvements</mark>

* <mark style="color:yellow;">The kernel shouldn't exit when rebooting</mark>

</details>

***

## <mark style="color:$primary;">Known bugs</mark>

Initial documentation for these versions have mentioned the following known bugs in the "`troubleshooting`" document: _(original wording preserved for brevity - only covers pre-2021 releases)_

<table><thead><tr><th width="118">Found</th><th width="97">Fixed</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>0.0.5.9</td><td>0.0.7.0</td><td><ol><li>The viewer is not displayed correctly</li><li>Some words might print on the last line where it shows you information on the manual page viewer</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td>0.0.5.10</td><td>0.0.7.0</td><td>See above</td></tr><tr><td>0.0.5.11</td><td>0.0.7.0</td><td>See above</td></tr><tr><td>0.0.5.12</td><td>0.0.7.0</td><td>See above</td></tr><tr><td>0.0.5.13</td><td>0.0.7.0</td><td>See above</td></tr><tr><td>0.0.5.14</td><td>0.0.7.0</td><td>See above</td></tr></tbody></table>
